# WALLET-CORPORATE-SHIPPING-AND-RECEPTION-SYSTEM
The system was developed with USSD or SMS technology to be used without limits on all modern or outdated mobile devices.  The main objective is to reach the entire population by offering the most comfort possible without complications in technologies in terms of use and their monetary movements.  More about this source text.  The main operation is to buy your balance at any shipping point and use it at any time sending to anyone and keep your balance without moving so much.   Because the thing goes like this: We have to have a main number that answers all the requests of the final client, consulting everything in a database and saving.  The main task in the foreground is to get an automated server to receive messages from the subscribers to the system, their requests, and this server simultaneously processes the request for the message by responding to the requester, the requester at the same time confirms his transaction with a pin code According to the transaction, the commissions are charged in your wallet, in the same way there will be users as affiliates where they carry out their operations with their balances and the commissions are distributed between the same and the company according to the established percentage, this event must be registered in a database that will store the customer's information, then this, when made possible, must be a part of the Administration panel, to be able to see all the requests processed, the balances of the clients, their operations, a part to enable or create new clients and users by roles.  A confirmation PIN must be sent from the end user, for security reasons, an encrypted PIN.  Integrate payment gateway for international clients and they will use VISA to recharge their wallet.  -> The user will use their VISA card to recharge their balance if it is what they have and we will have to use a gateway, NOW, nationwide, the use of cards is almost 0%, the second option for natives is:  We have to add the option to create ticket and printed or small printed cards to scratch that will contain a code, for example: 1286565XXX, then once scratch and enter it, a balance is recharged, then they will have to be GENERATED with the same  More about this source text.  system, maintaining referential integrity and printing them. -> Okay, will you buy me scratch cards and give me cash? YES. -> Perfect, in some kiosks installed for example in the streets and commercial places.  A well-organized project makes maintenance easy. Error correction. Remember business logic well. There must be a part to configure or parameterize the commissions according to the amounts to be sent. Each user must have their balance account and commissions account, these commissions must be withdrawn at any time and be transferred to their account of movements. If the user asks for a history of their transactions, it is sent to them at the same time as an Excel or PDF file.  BUSINESS LOGIC: • Prices of cards to print: 10,000, 25,000, 60,000, 90,000, 125,000, 300,000. • Make the shipment the interest commission is 20% • Receive by saving in the wallet the commission is 20% interest, it is entered into your account • Receive by taking cash the commission of 20% is transferred to the effective payer. • Make payment of a bill for a service with your wallet the standard spending commission is 1,000 • Receive payment of an invoice for a paid service the standard expense commission is 1,000 • Make payment of an article or product the expense commission is 5%. • Receive payment for an item or product, the expense commission is 5%. • Buy GETESA or MUNI balance, the expense commission is 50XAF.  CASES: CASE 0: REGISTER: TYPES OF USERS: SUPER_ADMIN, ADMIN, FRANCHISE_CLIETE, NORMAL_CLIENT • Send word: HELLO, respond with an image incorporated wallet + Template; CORPORATED WALLET Greetings. Your shipments, purchases earnings and wallet   "You win and I win"  Send: R -> Register S -> If you are already registered IF -> More information   (Yes, it is the first time). FAMILY (if already registered) A. Reload. •  Receive menu descriptions of services: A. Register, B. Send, C. Receive, D. Join to win, E. My balance, F. Extract, G. About us.  More about CASES. • Register ok: Credit card code (mandatory), ^ Telephone number (obviously already obtained with the sms), Full name, City, PIN code, Recharge code • Verify account.  CASE 1: PERFORM OPERATION: • Send word: FAMILY • Receive menu descriptions of services: AB. Recharge. B. Send, B1. Send payment for a service, C. Receive, C1. Receive service payment. D. Join to win, E. My balance, FA. Pay bills, FB. Pagar luz, F. Extract, G. About us. • Reload: Put scratch card code (purchased at any kiosk or agency) • Receive sms balance. • REFILL WITH VISA CARD: link from stripe or any payment website with OTP • Synchronize the balance of the currency or reloaded currency   CASE 2: SEND: • Amount to send • Recipient phone • Balance ok? • Ask for confirmation PIN • Debit sender customer account: amount sent, amount on commission (percentage setting) • Distribute or distribute commissions: company percentage to company commissions account, sender percentage to commissions account. • Complete operation message: Sender, amount, commission, remaining balance, date  CASE 3: RECEIVE: Code shipping •  Sender • Amount • PIN confirmation • Operation message  CASE 4: JOIN TO WIN • Send word: WIN • Request card or recharge code (credit account with higher balance) • Transform to account (FRANQUICIA_CLIETE) • Automatically establish commission percentage for sending or receiving. (SUPER ADMIN PANEL }  • Ok: account info message.  CASE 5: ACCOUNT INFORMATION • Send word: BALANCE or INFO • Info message: Name, balance, commissions  CASE 6: WITHDRAWAL COMMISSIONS • Send keyword: DAME • Amount to withdraw • PIN confirmation • Debit commissions account • Top up main customer account. • Regularize account of commissions. • Status information.   CASE 7: CHANGE PIN • Send PIN word • Change? • old PIN • New PIN • new PIN confirmation • PIN message changed successfully  CASE 8 FB: PAY LIGHT • SEGESA phone • Counter code • Amount payable • PIN confirmation • Invoice in PDF • Successful payment • Debit 1000 • Automatic collection of the amount of 1000 SEGESA account • Income of the amount paid to the SEGESA account • Ge   CASE 9 F: REQUEST EXTRACT • Write word: EX • Dates: Start date, End date, ALL • Excel file with transaction information.   CASE 10 G: ABOUT US • Send word: CONTACT • Detailed information on the company's services and contacts.  CASE 11: ADMINISTRATIVE PANEL • Statistics of operations and statuses of Chart.js accounts • Admin users • Manage clients • Receive • Send • Operations • Returns • Payments • Links • Accounts • Setting • Generate balances or scratch cards   WALLET OPERATIONS. CASE 0-OB: RECEIVE PAYMENT OF A SERVICE. • Keyword: PS C1 • Ask to put amount • Ask to put a pay phone • Ask to put a description • Receive descriptive sms and send payment code automatically • Receive authorized payer code • Confirm transaction code • Apply expense commission  CASE 1-OB: Make payment for a service • Receive payment code from provider • Keyword: B1 • Enter code • See payment info. • Q-> Confirm • PIN confirmation • Debit the payer account the amount • Debt account the payer commission expenses • Change transaction status.   Beforehand in the future I want to consume a transaction by its code in another application and verify its effectiveness in the future with another application that I have in my fan of projects. It will be a big platform, MY VISION.
